then we are gentlemen in this video I would like
show how it works with us or more precisely
omyvayki not work in cold weather despite the fact
that the car has heating nozzles
nonetheless the sense of it is zero integer
zero tenths with this problem in winter
the real layer will collide very
often
shoulder show trunk right here at me
is omyvayka which is flooded on the street
the night was minus 20 now -15 I will show
it's on the dashboard that's flooded smoothly
the same Malay can be seen that she is calm
splashing ie she is not frozen here
this right bug lay all night in
trunk temperature is equal to temperature
ambient with nevertheless calm
it splashing great problem in
briskly in liquid form
closed the trunk show all
works in fact and so -13 showed well
in fact on the street -15 gismeteo in general
showed -18 at night was minus 20 if
what can you then check the floor well there
it's already a twin calendar today , January 6
So
your look online is quite a marriage but
become their service by already turned off
the heat button is turned off literally
max a minute ago he that is she already
worked one full cycle heating
mirrors I understand that it should also
nozzles must be heated
warmed look how it works
way so it was obvious that I am including
switch
so I press the top 0.0 note this
fully worked
heating
nozzles well actually all the glass and so
Further, that is, sense 0
I can see further here not 2
in honor and I can say they have a
a few minutes ago I tried
before you record a video
pour water on
windshield at first slightly
squirted out
left but also show after two three minutes
tried it silent was fingered a little bit
of it but literally a little bit that is
there janitors ate for business here so here
We work well, just a little show how u
us running backside you can see here it is
went heating
but what is the meaning of 0.0 I don't know if it will be
heard on video but
a motor or what the pump is there they work
that is, I hear the sound of a pump that
the same with the rear like but at the same time
sense from him zero point zero
instead of rejoicing in such a cold
especially
there will be no dirt but when there is snow porridge
special
on the street very often you know by
the camera in Moscow I am those who live some
now chemistry is splashing on the dirt
maybe even at minus 10 degrees
I'm on the street now -15 though I walked
there was water in my yard
I do not know what they are pelvis and spot under your feet
there was water because at night it was minus 20
now where are you minus 15 degrees so
on the track now face contaminated
hair heat you can easily
but wash this windshield you did
can not by the way on the video but in principle
I splashed it would be visible but not
also work headlight washer well by
at least never in that time
any teachers worked
quite characteristic
about splashing scream run run out
machines and at the same time I run
I can this problem myself
and as far as I understand this is the same problem
there is also in
new body chassis model 14 15 sock straight
16 years pay attention to this these
mind this when winter operation as
I personally don't solve this problem
maybe one of you will find a solution
but here it is
see you soon soon
video about the real state of things at
car operation volvo